add bytesize on seqera AI (#3155)
nf-core/website: sites/main-site/src/content/events/2025/bytesize_llms_and_ai.md

---

> title: "Bytesize: Building and testing scientific workflow with LLMs and AI agents"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Bytesize: Building and testing Nextflow with LLMs and AI agents"
```

subtitle: Phil Ewels, Seqera
type: talk
startDate: "2025-07-08"
startTime: "13:00+02:00"
endDate: "2025-07-08"
endTime: "13:30+02:00"
locations:
  - name: Online
    links:
      - https://kth-se.zoom.us/j/68390542812
---

> In this weeks bytesize, Phil [[@ewels](https://github.com/ewels/)] is giving a talk originally held during a SciLifeLab seminar on Automation of research processes with LLMs and AI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this weeks bytesize, Phil [[@ewels](https://github.com/ewels/)] is giving a talk originally held during a SciLifeLab seminar on [Automation of research processes with LLMs and AI](https://www.scilifelab.se/event/automation/).
```
